docs: testing mobile curriculum (#50787)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-mobile-app-locally.md

    git push origin branch/name-here
    ```

## Running mobile curriculum tests

> [!NOTE]

> > You need to follow this section if you're modifying the challenge test runner in the mobile app otherwise you can go ahead to the next section on how to open a Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You only need to follow this section if you're modifying the challenge test runner in the mobile app. Otherwise, you can go to the next section on [how to open a pull request](#proposing-a-pull-request-pr).
```

Grammar, plus we can hot-link.
